- With that done, lets register our message listener
in our JMS config class.
We'll do this first by making our JMS config class
as well implement
another class.
We'll have this implement the JMS listener
configurer.
This will as well, require us to implement
some abstract methods.
We'll implement the configure JMS listener.
Before we implement this method,
we're also gonna create another spring bean.
We'll call this our bean,
and this is gonna be for our book listener.
We'll type book order
processing message listener
and we'll call this our JMS message listener.
Will instantiate a book order
processing message listener.
We'll return the listener.
With that done, let's turn our attention
back to the method configure JSM listeners.
What we're going to do is register a custom
book order processing message listener.
So, we're going to type,
we're going to instantiate a simple JSM
listener endpoint.
We'll call this endpoint equals
new simple JMS listener,
and then we're going to
set the message listener
to our JMS message listener.
We're also going to set the destination
and in this case,
our destination is gonna be book order
processed queue.
The endpoint, we're also going to set an ID.
We're gonna make this book-order-
processed-queue.
We're also going to set a subscription.
We'll just call this my subscription.
Then we're gonna set concurrency.
I'll set this to one.
Then the last thing we need to do
is we need to take the register property
that comes in for this override method.
We need to set the container factory,
which is gonna be our JMS listener
container factory.
Then also, in the register,
we need to register the endpoint
we just created.
We're gonna type in endpoint.
We're also gonna provide the JMS
listener container factory.
That's it.
Now, when we send messages,
it will process them to the warehouse.
From there, to the process book order object,
which will get the message
and send it to the book order process queue.
From there, our custom message listener
will read it off the queue.